CONTAINERS

Containers > Rows > Columns.

You only need one container. If you want to add another grid inside a column, just add another row with nested columns.

A container is there to provide width constraints on responsive widths and to add padding so that content doesn't touch the edge of the browser. 

Rows provide a wrapper for columns, and have a -15px margin to negate the 15px margin on containers. Never use a row outside of a container, only inside a container or inside another column.

The column padding is what gives your content the space it needs to not touch the edge of the browser or content in other columns. 

Nested rows overlap the padding of the column they are inside, just like the container.

Containers are required when using the grid system. Containers can be nested, but most layouts do not require nested containers.

.container - responsive, fixed width
.container-fluid - full width container spanning viewport
.container-{breakpoint} - specify that a class is 100% wide until the breakpoint is reached

Only columns may be immediate children of rows.

Using flexbox means that grid columns without a specified width will automatically layout as equal width columns.

Column widths are in percentages, they are always fluid and sized relative to their parent element.

.no-gutters on the .row will remove margin between individual columns

There are five grid breakpoints for responsive grids, extra small, small, medium, large, and extra large.

Grid Breakpoints are based on MINIMUM width media queries, and apply to that breakpoint and those above it.

col-{breakpoint}-auto sizes columns based on the natural width of their content.

NAVBARS
Bootstrap has a powerful, responsive navigation header that includes support for branding, navigation, and support for the collapse plugin.

The components/navbar documentation details how the navbar works, and the supported content. 

There are special classes to define special parts of what makes a navbar, "a navbar".

A reasonable structure is 
<nav class="navbar">
 - <div class="container">
 - - <ul class="nav navbar-nav"

How it works:
Navbars require a wrapping .navbar with .navbar-expand-size to enable responsive collapsing.
Navbars and their contents are fluid BY DEFAULT.
With boostrap, a navigation bar can extend or collapse, depending on the screen size.

Navbars come with built in support for a handful of sub-components. (Bootstrap classes make html elements "components"?)
.navbar-brand for the brand name.
.navbar-nav for a full-height lightweight navigation (including support for dropdowns)

